## Invoice in Cloud (Demo project of the automatic GUI generation tool for Blazor)

The InvoiceInCloud project, unlike the other example projects in the repository, is made according to a more correct programming logic and shows off the great and amazing potential of the GUI auto-generation tool:
For this demo we chose to completely separate the software logic from the GUI rendering engine, creating two separate projects: InvoiceInCloudBackEnd and InvoiceInCloud. The first project is simply a library and contains everything needed for the back end to create the application without any reference to graphic elements of user interaction (this is typical of libraries). The front end (InvoiceInCloud) is essentially an empty project, which contains only the assembly analyzer and the Html rendering engine, and the entire graphic interface part is automatically generated "on the fly": Any change to the back-end will be automatically reflected in the front-end without the need to intervene to draw GUI elements. The InvoiceInCloud front end could be used as a rendering engine for other back end projects, as there is nothing specific to the work we are doing, it is simply an automatic GUI generator.
This example is a demonstration of the creation of minimalist software in the back end, which was written in just 25 minutes, of about 1 Kb of code, which is complete and functional in all its parts. The implementation of the technology for the automatic creation of the front end gives an acceleration to the creation of the product that is not comparable to that of any other tool.
In addition to this, by simply changing the rendering engine of the front-end, we can obtain the same application for mobile or desktop devices: You write the code only once, focusing only on the logic of the back-end and you find the finished application with the front-end for web, mobile and desktop applications! All this is fantastic!